this knife is the open or size-12 the
open or sex here is the upper not to put
a small knife compared to the six
it looks more the size to knife is 34
millimeters with the blade and you can
call that just under one and half inches
compared to the number 12 and that blade
is 12 centimeters or about four and
three-quarter inches it looks absolutely
tiny whether you place it against the
handle or the blade and call this a
miniature the number to itself the users
are fairly limited I think there's no
collar so that you couldn't lock it in
the open position or prevent it from
opening just a straight folding knife
easy open and close got the small cut
out for your nail thumb now to get in
there to help open it out but it seems
to be that I'm starting to collect these
up in our lives
they're very cheap and they're very
capable quite often we see paper cutting
tests
this is thin card
and from know it's never been used not
been sharpened it's quite a capable
knife as far as cutting thin card is
concerned and thin leather quite
flexible but would it puncture leather
quite easily
they will also got the thin leather by
the lock a bit quite easily bit awkward
to do but no problems at all
a bit harder test this leathers quite
thick it's the tongue off a boot work
boot and it can cut that again because
of the flexing it's a little bit of hard
to cut through it but the blade itself
not bad at all I'm quite pleased a very
small knife but easy to store in your
pocket and it's quite capable doing the
job that you wanted to do cut that's all
that's needed